you
hey child come back here bring that back
she's completely beyond my control
nothing I do or say gets through to her
do I hear a mouse my name is Mustafa
what's yours
Oh stuffer you bring a riot to our
doorstep why do you persist with these
rebellious speeches I have only spoken
with love nothing less than a call to
rebellion
what are you doing up there I'm their
prisoner my crime
poetry let me tell you a secret I've
flown away many times
we are spirits free is the wind
in your longing for your greater self
why is your goodness
your children are not your children and
though they are with you they belong not
to you
what is it to work with love
work is love made visible
my words are my wings and you are my
messenger